# Can-Social-Media-Change-Personal-Identity
Social media has a lot of influence on people. We are comparing us with another people on social media and in my concern, that makes us insecure. Every day we are getting closer to lose our identity. For the authenticity we should share our personal thoughts and successions. Those are the things that people can not copy instantly. But there is also a part of people that are making this as a life purpose. As I said, authenticity does matters. You should keep your scream time under 3 hours in a day. Above 3 hours can cause addiction. Once you addicted you may have never survive and it can require an challenging hustle to get rid of it. But you also shouldn't enter media once in a blue moon. It is better to keep uptaded with the news around the world. You shouldn't attend everyhing that you saw on internet. They may be a scamming code or something that required personal stuff such as your ID or address. Let's get into digital presence. Let's take Instagram on the hand. Don't click the like botton on every video, keep it low. You should only repost your brand, the things you succeeded or your school announcements. However if you are into social media business such as an influencer it may have an plus side to repost ads and your own content. It could help you to interact and reach people. In conclusion do not let social media to distract you, use it efficiently and be aware of the addiction risks. Although some people are not aware of that, on the other hand some people are aware of how to make profit are use it with the correct way. That is it for today, thank you for reading and your time; see you on another article of myself!
